PROJECT REPORT

Project Name: 		Project Name
From: 			Team Name   (Yahia Bakour, Michael Hendrick, Theresa Mcneil,
Zhipeng (Eric) Wang)
Date: 			Mar 27, 2019
Target Region: 	USA
Sector: 		Traveling
 
PROJECT OVERVIEW
Easier and more convenient travel style is a trending type of travel by differing individuals with differing request. Acquiring knowledge of city information for entertainment, attraction and culture while traveling becomes more and more important by the day. Our project is complemented by python with Flask interface and Google Places and Yelp APIs. It provides customers various information and recommendation sub-list about their travel destination.


PROJECT KEY FUNCTIONALITIES & PROPOSED ENTITIES
➢ User
Register & Log in: Customers need to register and log in with correct username and password.
Searching: Enable customers to search their destination
Showing Result: After customers click place they are interested in, a recommendation sub-list of events within the area will show up based on their preferences as well as reviews for the events
➢ Admin
Website Maintenance: Supervising suspicious account activities, admin can add and delete accounts. 
Handle Emergent Problem: Admin should handle emergency and solve problem.


PROJECT ADDITIONAL FEATURES
•	Flask:
We use Flask interface which depends on the external libraries and implements a WSGI application. It resolves resources from inside the package.
•	request (Keeping track of the request-level data during a request rather than 
  passing the request object to each function.)
•	jsonify (Returning a JSON-encodable representation of an object by identifying 
 request parameter.)
•	render_template (Looking for a matching file in templates folder to render, and 
     passes the data along.)
•	API:
•	Google_Places_Api (Looking up an address with reverse geocoding and requesting directions via public transit.)
•	Weather_Api (Getting current weather information by location information.)
•	json (Encoder and decoder)
•	pymongo (A Python distribution containing tools for working with MongoDB.)
